Update Studio References (#1182)
cleanlab/cleanlab: docs/source/tutorials/pred_probs_cross_val.rst

        out_of_sample_pred_probs_for_B,
        out_of_sample_pred_probs_for_C,
    ])

Spending too much time on data quality?
----
This notebook demonstrates a toy ML model to quickly produce pred_probs. Because the performance of Cleanlab critically depends on the quality of your ML model, you should try to use a better ML model than the one demonstrated here. 

> If you are unsure how to produce a better ML model for your data, or want a platform to actually fix your issues automatically, use Cleanlab Studio which will automatically produce one for your data via AutoML combined with pretrained Foundation models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are unsure how to produce a better ML model for your data, or want a platform to actually fix your issues automatically, use Cleanlab Studio which will automatically produce the best model for your dataset via cutting-edge AutoML with Foundation models.
```
